These are the files to be loaded into PMAC in order to start working with
EPICS. The downloading is supposed to be done with the PMAC Windows
Executable (PEWIN32) software supplied by Delta Tau. One has to proceed
with downloading according to the directories order:

1_begin_generic
2_ioc-specific
3_motion-prg

-- and load the PMC files in the order they are listed in each directory.

The first directory (1_begin_generic) is just an example. It has nothing to
do with EPICS, but configures PMAC to handel different types of motors
(servos, steppers, piezos, encoder types, and etc.). One has to read Delta
Tau documentation and modify those file accordingly to the set of motors
connected to his PMAC.


The second directory (2_ioc-specific) contains 3 examples:
-- 16 generic one-motor assemblies (to work with MD databases)
-- 16 two-motor assemblies (to work with XY, CS, HS, MO, and MI databases)
-- 31 motors grouped in assemblies as at the GMCA CAT 23i beamline.

The purpose of these files is to prepare PMAC dual-ported RAM (DPRAM), so
that the EPICS databases write and read the DPRAM at the right memory
locations for different motors assemblies. Here is how it works and what it
is for: When one executes a motion program on an assembly, the program needs
various parameters like acceleration time and requested positions for each
drive. In our implementation 4+2*n paramters are required (where "n" is the
number of motors in the assembly). It means that 6 parameters are needed
for 1-motor assembly, 8 for 2-motor, 10 for 3-motor, and etc. The motion
program reads those parameters from the Q70...Q80 PMAC variables that are
available for each coordinate system (see the files q70*.pmc and the motion
programs in the 3_motion-prg directory). Those Q-variables are mapped into a
unique set of M-variables in the PMAC: M33xx-.... (see q70*.pmc). In their
turn the M-variables are mapped to the DPRAM accessible from the EPICS
databases (see m3300*.pmc). Finally, the files pcs*.pmc declare the
coordinate systems and the number of axes in each coordinate system.


The last directory (3_motion-prg) defines motion programs. Here three types
of motion programs are defined ("slew", "backlash", and "position") for
assemblies containing 1, 2, and 3 motors. More motion programs can be added
by analogy.

-- Sergey

